Avoid creating node_modules/.cache when --cache is not enabled (#18124)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/cli/18124.md

#### Avoid creating node_modules/.cache when --cache is not enabled (#18124 by @chiawendt)

> Running `prettier .` without `--cache` no longer creates an empty `node_modules/.cache`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Avoid creating `node_modules/.cache/` directory when `--cache` is not enabled (#18124 by @chiawendt)

Run `prettier .` without `--cache` no longer creates an empty `node_modules/.cache/` directory.
```
